# MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 LimpingNinja

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## NOTES

The original NakedMud came with the following notice, citing the source as 
free to use without restriction and with liability limitation. I felt that 
the formalized MIT license was the best fit for this intention. I am leaving
the notice from Geoff Hollis and Brian Graverson, which was purely a request
for credits that was non-binding but is "The Right Thing"(tm) to do.

**Message from Geoff Hollis, Original /doc/license.txt**
NakedMud is free to use for any purpose you would like to use it for, without 
restriction from the creator, Geoff Hollis. By using it, or any pieces of the 
code, you agree to absolve responsibility from the creator, Geoff Hollis, and 
take full responsibility for anything NakedMud or pieces of the NakedMud code 
may cause to happen.

Since NakedMud was based on SocketMud by Brian Graversen, I ask that you follow
Brian's requests as per giving credit to Erwin Andreasen for the snippets he
supplied in SocketMud's code (see README). I also request you credit Brian for
the work he put into SocketMud, and myself for the work I put into NakedMud.

Geoff Hollis
hollisgf@email.uc.edu
http://www.uc.edu/~hollisgf/
